# Fortune generator

## General

This is a simple web page that shows maximum 10 so-called fortunes based on the old
Unix program `fortune`.

At start one fortune is shown. New is regenerated by refreshing the site or by clicking on the upper navigation menu (up to 9 old fortunes will be saved).

## Running

Runs with any web browser except Internet Explorer which will be forced to use Edge.

## Navigation menu

The menu is very simple and has four options that generate Fortunes texts.

### Random

Adds a random fortune displayed first as a pre-tag in the main area.

### Short

Adds a short random fortune (160 characters or less) 
displayed first as a pre-tag in the main area.

### Shower

Adds a shower thought displayed first as a pre-tag in the main area.

### Traditional

Adds a traditional (Unix) fortune displayed first as a pre-tag in the main area.

## index.html file
Has 4 navigation buttons and one hidden pre to be showned after loading website

## style.css file
Has styles for the elements (body, nav, button and main), class fortune and id hidden.
The font-size, width and button margins is adjusted to show well for all screens.

## script.js file
Has a variable index that keep tracks on the number of fortunes.
When the website is loaded the buttons starts to work and a fortune is showned randomly.
When the user clicks on the menu the index will increase 
and a JSON-object is fetched to be showned. 
Any errors will be showned in the console.
Up to a maximum of 10 fortunes will be showned at one time.